Détails

Date de publication

11 février 2026
CDI
4 Rue Jules Lefebvre, 75009 Paris, France
Ouvert au télétravail total
Voir l'offre
Descriptif du poste

Are you looking to have an impact on the daily life of millions of entrepreneurs in France (and tomorrow in Europe)?

Are you looking for a work environment that values trust, proactivity, and autonomy?

Are our Engineering principles aligned with your vision?

Then Pennylane is the right place for you !

Our vision

We aim to become the most beloved financial Operating System of French SMEs (and soon, European ones).

We help entrepreneurs rid themselves of time-consuming tasks related to accounting and finance while providing them with access to key financial information to assist in making the best decisions for their business.

About us

Pennylane is one of the fastest growing Fintechs in France (and soon to be in Europe!)

In 4 years of existence, we’ve managed to :

💻 Make ourselves known as a groundbreaking accounting and financial software for small businesses and their accountants

💰 Raise a total of €220 millions, including from Sequoia, the famous fund from the Silicon Valley who invested early in companies like Google, Facebook, Airbnb, Stripe, Paypal and much more...

👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Grow from 7 cofounders to 900+ happy Pennylaners : we’re now recognized as one of the greatest places to work in France (and also remotely), with a 4.6/5 rating on Glassdoor.

🌍 Build an international environment with more than 25 nationalities, with a strong remote-friendly culture, where 30% of the employees are already working from all parts of Europe

🤝 Earn the trust of thousands of customers and accounting firms and obtain outstanding ratings

🚀 Already more than 650,000 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and over 6,500 accounting firms use Pennylane in France!

WHY this position is of utmost importance to reach our mission

While some companies count on marketing and sales to gain market share, we are a product-led company and we are investing primarily on building an innovative and scalable platform. Tech teams have a crucial role to play to achieve this goal.

HOW you will contribute to the company as a Software Engineer

As a Software Engineer, you would will be part of a 250+ people Tech organisation. Each engineer is part of a squad focussing on a part of the product, reporting to a Team Lead or an Engineering Manager.

Each squad is made with all the skills needed to build features end to end in autonomy, you will be working daily with a product manager, a designer and software engineers.

As a Software Engineer you will take part of the discovery phase of the projects with the Product Manager and Designer to define the feature to build; then you will participate with other engineers to design the software architecture, build it, test it and release it to production.

The squad is also working on supporting customers using the features built by monitoring and fixing issues in production.

WHAT you can expect from your life at Pennylane

Within one month :

- You will learn everything about our company, our teams, and our vision during the first onboarding week.

- You will follow a tech onboarding training to get familiar with the application, the accounting concepts, the code stack (we use Ruby 3, Ruby on Rails 7, AWS, React, TypeScript) and the CI/CD and have full autonomy with it.

- You are integrated in your squad and explained your squad scope, roles and responsibilities.

- You will have a “tech buddy”, another engineer, helping you on a daily basis with all the technical details you need to know at Pennylane.

- You will start working on what we call “good first issues” to get familiar with the dev environment, the code structure, the tools and the squad scopes.

Within 3-6 months :

- You’ll contribute to meaningful new features or improvements in your team’s scope

- You’ll have the opportunity to improve on our tools and processes to help us achieve better quality and/or velocity

- You’ll be included in at least once code review specialist group to decide and improve the adoption of our best practices on one topic (e.g. testing, code architecture, database migrations, etc)

- You’ll start looking into quantitative and qualitative product feedback to sharpen the team’s roadmap
